README.md, before:

# Tipi App Store ⛺️

This is the official repository for the Tipi App Store. It contains all the apps that are available for download on [Tipi](https://github.com/meienberger/runtipi).

## Apps available

- [2FAuth](https://github.com/Bubka/2FAuth) - A Web app to manage your Two-Factor Authentication (2FA) accounts and generate their security codes
- [Activepieces](https://github.com/activepieces/activepieces) - A true zapier alternative.
- [Actual Budget](https://github.com/actualbudget/actual-server) - Local-first OpenSource Budget tool
- [Adguard Home](https://github.com/AdguardTeam/AdGuardHome) - Adguard Home DNS adblocker
- [Audiobookshelf](https://github.com/advplyr/audiobookshelf) - Audiobookshelf is a self-hosted audiobook and podcast server.
- [autobrr](https://github.com/autobrr/autobrr) - Automation for downloads.
- [Baïkal](https://github.com/ckulka/baikal-docker) - A Calendar+Contacts server
- [Barrage](https://github.com/maulik9898/barrage) - Minimal Deluge WebUI with full mobile support
- [Bazarr](https://github.com/morpheus65535/bazarr) - A companion application to Sonarr and Radarr that manages and downloads subtitles
- [Booksonic](https://github.com/popeen) - A server for streaming your audiobooks
- [Budibase](https://github.com/Budibase/budibase) - Low code platform for creating internal tools, workflows, and admin panels in minutes. Supports PostgreSQL, MySQL, MSSQL, MongoDB, Rest API, Docker, K8s, and more 🚀. Budibase, the low code platform you'll enjoy using ⚡
- [Bookstack](https://github.com/BookStackApp/BookStack) - Simple, easy-to-use platform for organising and storing information.
- [Calibre-Web](https://github.com/janeczku/calibre-web) - Web Ebook Reader
- [ChangeDetection.io](https://github.com/dgtlmoon/changedetection.io) - The best and simplest free open source website change detection, restock monitor and notification service.
- [Chatpad AI](https://github.com/deiucanta/chatpad) - Not just another ChatGPT user-interface!
- [Code-Server](https://github.com/coder/code-server) - Web VS Code
- [Codex.Docs](https://github.com/codex-team/codex.docst) - Free Docs app powered by Editor.js ecosystem.
- [Conduit](https://gitlab.com/famedly/conduit) - Conduit is a simple, fast and reliable chat server written in Rust
- [Cross-seed](https://github.com/cross-seed/cross-seed) - Fully-automatic, no false positives.
- [DailyTXT](https://github.com/PhiTux/DailyTxT) - Encrypted Diary Web-App
- [Dash.](https://github.com/MauriceNino/dashdot) - A simple, modern server dashboard, primarily used by smaller private server
- [Dashy](https://github.com/lissy93/dashy) - A self-hostable personal dashboard built for you.
- [Databag](https://github.com/balzack/databag) - A tiny federated messenger web with clients for iOS, Android, and browser.
- [Deluge](https://github.com/linuxserver/docker-deluge) - Deluge is a lightweight, Free Software, cross-platform BitTorrent client
- [Dockge](https://github.com/louislam/dockge) - A fancy, easy-to-use and reactive self-hosted docker compose.yaml stack-oriented manager.
- [Deemix](https://gitlab.com/Bockiii/deemix-docker) - deemix is a barebone deezer downloader library built from the ashes of Deezloader Remix.
- [DokuWiki](https://github.com/dokuwiki/dokuwiki) - DokuWiki is a simple to use and highly versatile Open Source wiki software
- [Dozzle](https://github.com/amir20/dozzle) - Dozzle is a small web based app to monitor Docker logs
- [Draw.io](https://github.com/jgraph/drawio) - draw.io is a JavaScript, client-side editor for general diagramming and whiteboarding.
- [Duplicati](https://github.com/linuxserver/docker-duplicati) - Store securely encrypted backups in the cloud!
- [Emulatorjs](https://github.com/EmulatorJS/EmulatorJS) - Self-hosted Javascript emulation for various system.
- [Excalidraw](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw) - Online whiteboard collaboration made easy
- [Filebrowser](https://github.com/filebrowser/filebrowser) - Web File Browser
- [Filestash](https://github.com/mickael-kerjean/filestash) - A modern web client for SFTP, S3, FTP, WebDAV, Git, Minio, LDAP, CalDAV, CardDAV, Mysql, Backblaze
- [Firefly III](https://github.com/firefly-iii/firefly-iii) - A personal finances manager
- [Fireshare](https://github.com/ShaneIsrael/fireshare) - Self host your media and share with unique links
- [Flaresolverr](https://github.com/FlareSolverr/FlareSolverr) - FlareSolverr is a proxy server to bypass Cloudflare and DDoS-GUARD protection.
- [Flatnotes](https://github.com/Dullage/flatnotes) - A self-hosted, database-less note taking web app
- [Freshrss](https://github.com/FreshRSS/FreshRSS) - A free, self-hostable RSS aggregator
- [gandi-livedns](https://github.com/jbbodart/gandi-livedns) - Update your Gandi DNS zone records with your WAN IP
- [Ghost](https://github.com/TryGhost/Ghost) - Ghost - Turn your audience into a business
- [Ghostfolio](https://github.com/ghostfolio/ghostfolio) - Open Source Wealth Management Software.
- [Gitea](https://github.com/go-gitea/gitea) - Gitea - A painless self-hosted Git service
- [Gladys Assistant](https://github.com/gladysassistant/gladys) - A privacy-first, open-source home assistant
- [Glances](https://github.com/nicolargo/glances) - Glances - An Eye on your system.
- [Gotify](https://github.com/gotify/server) - Gotify - Simple server for sending and receiving notification messages
- [GoToSocial](https://github.com/superseriousbusiness/gotosocial) - Fast, fun, ActivityPub server, powered by Go.
- [Grafana](https://github.com/grafana/grafana) - The open and composable observability and data visualization platform
- [Grav](https://github.com/getgrav/grav) - Fast, Simple, and Flexible, file-based Web-platform.
- [Grocy](https://github.com/grocy/grocy) - Grocy - ERP beyond your fridge
- [Hammond](https://github.com/akhilrex/hammond) - Self hosted vehicle and expense management system.
- [Haven](https://github.com/havenweb/haven) - Haven is a self-hosted private blog and feedreader you can use instead of Facebook
- [Headscale](https://github.com/juanfont/headscale) - An open source, self-hosted implementation of the Tailscale control server
- [HedgeDoc](https://github.com/hedgedoc/hedgedoc) - A Collaborative Markdown and Note Taking App
- [Homarr](https://github.com/ajnart/homarr) - A homepage for your server
- [Home Assistant](https://github.com/home-assistant/core) - Open source home automation that puts local control and privacy first
- [HomeBox](https://github.com/hay-kot/homebox) - Homebox is the inventory and organization system built for the Home User
- [Halo](https://github.com/halo-dev/halo) - Halo is a powerful and easy-to-use open source website building tool.
- [Homepage](https://github.com/gethomepage/homepage) - A modern, fully static, fast, secure fully proxied, highly customizable application dashboard with integrations for over 100 services and translations into multiple languages.
- [Immich](https://github.com/immich-app/immich) - Photo and video backup solution directly from your mobile phone
- [IT-Tools](https://github.com/CorentinTh/it-tools) - Collection of handy online tools for developers, with great UX.
- [Invidious](https://github.com/iv-org/invidious) - An alternative front-end to YouTube
- [Jackett](https://github.com/Jackett/Jackett) - API Support for your favorite torrent trackers
- [Jellyfin](https://github.com/jellyfin/jellyfin) - A media server for your home collection
- [Jellyfin Vue (Beta)](https://github.com/jellyfin/jellyfin-vue) - A modern web client for Jellyfin based on Vue
- [Jellyseerr](https://github.com/Fallenbagel/jellyseerr) - Fork of overseerr for Jellyfin support
- [Joplin](https://github.com/laurent22/joplin) - Privacy focused note-taking app
- [Kanboard](https://github.com/kanboard/kanboard) - Kanboard is a free and open source Kanban project management software.
- [Kapowarr](https://github.com/Casvt/Kapowarr) - Kapowarr is a software to build and manage a comic book library, fitting in the \*arr suite of software.
- [Kasm Workspaces](https://github.com/kasmtech) - Kasm Workspaces is a docker container streaming platform for delivering browser-based access to desktops, applications, and web services
- [Kavita](https://github.com/Kareadita/Kavita) - Kavita is a fast, feature rich, cross platform reading server
- [Kimai](https://github.com/kimai/kimai) - Open source time-tracker
- [Libreddit](https://github.com/spikecodes/libreddit) - Private front-end for Reddit
- [LibrePhotos](https://github.com/LibrePhotos/librephotos) - Complete photo management service
- [LibreTranslate](https://github.com/LibreTranslate/LibreTranslate) - Free and Open Source Machine Translation API. 100% self-hosted, offline capable and easy to setup
- [Lidarr](https://github.com/Lidarr/Lidarr) - Looks and smells like Sonarr but made for music.
- [Lidarr On Steroids](https://github.com/youegraillot/lidarr-on-steroids) - Lidarr with some muscles thanks to deemix
- [LinkStack](https://github.com/LinkStackOrg/LinkStack) - The ultimate solution for creating a personalized & professional profile page.
- [Lodestone Core](https://github.com/Lodestone-Team/lodestone_core) - Server hosting tool for Minecraft and other multiplayers
- [Logto](https://github.com/logto-io/logto) - Logto is a cost-effective open-source alternative to Auth0.
- [Mastodon](https://github.com/mastodon/mastodon) - Your self-hosted, globally interconnected microblogging community
- [Mealie](https://github.com/hay-kot/mealie) - Self-hosted recipe manager and meal planner.
- [Memos](https://github.com/usememos/memos) - Memo hub for knowledge management and collaboration.
- [MeTube](https://github.com/alexta69/metube) - Web GUI for youtube-dl with playlist support. Allows you to download videos from YouTube and dozens of other sites.
- [Minecraft server](https://github.com/itzg/docker-minecraft-server) - Run a minecraft server in one click
- [Mind](https://github.com/Casvt/MIND) - A simple self hosted reminder platform that uses push to send notifications to your device.
- [MinIO](https://github.com/minio/minio) - MinIO is a High Performance Object Storage released under GNU Affero General Public License v3.0
- [Moneroblock](https://github.com/duggavo/MoneroBlock) - Decentralized and trustless Monero block explorer
- [Monero Daemon](https://github.com/monero-project/monero/) - A network daemon for Monero: the secure, private, untraceable cryptocurrency
- [Monero p2pool Daemon](https://github.com/SChernykh/p2pool) - Decentralized pool for Monero mining
- [Monica](https://github.com/monicahq/monica) - A Personal Relationship Management tool to help you document your social life
- [Mixpost](https://github.com/inovector/mixpost) - Self-hosted social media management. Schedule and organize your social content.
- [Mixpost Pro](https://mixpost.app/pricing) - Self-hosted social media management. Schedule and organize your social content.
- [MongoDB](https://github.com/mongodb/mongo)- MongoDB is an open-source NoSQL database
- [Mongo Express](https://github.com/mongo-express/mongo-express) - A web-based MongoDB admin interface written with Node.js, Express, and Bootstrap3
- [Movary](https://github.com/leepeuker/movary) - Track and rate your watched movies
- [mStream](https://github.com/IrosTheBeggar/mStream) - The easiest music streaming server available
- [Mylar3](https://github.com/mylar3/mylar3) - Mylar3 is an automated Comic Book downloader (cbr/cbz) for use with NZB and torrents written in python.
- [n8n](https://github.com/n8n-io/n8n) - Workflow Automation Tool
- [Navidrome](https://github.com/navidrome/navidrome) - A selfhosted music server
- [Netboot.xyz](https://github.com/netbootxyz/netboot.xyz) - Your favorite operating systems in one place!
- [Netdata](https://github.com/netdata/netdata) - Open-source, real-time, performance and health monitoring.
- [Nextcloud](https://github.com/nextcloud/server) - A safe home for all your data
- [Nginx](https://github.com/nginx/nginx) - A simple web server to test your tipi install
- [Nitter](https://github.com/zedeus/nitter) - Alternative Twitter front-end
- [NocoDB](https://github.com/nocodb/nocodb) - Open Source Airtable Alternative
- [Node-RED](https://github.com/node-red/node-red) - Low-code programming for event-driven applications
- [NoteMark](https://github.com/enchant97/note-mark/) - Note Mark is a lighting fast and minimal web-based Markdown notes app.
- [Ntfy](https://github.com/binwiederhier/ntfy) - A Straightforward Notification service that operates over HTTP
- [Obsidian LiveSync](https://github.com/vrtmrz/self-hosted-livesync-server) - LiveSync couchdb backend for Obsidian
- [OneDev](https://code.onedev.io/onedev/server) - Self-hosted Git Server with Kanban and CI/CD
- [Openbooks](https://github.com/evan-buss/openbooks) - Search and Download eBooks
- [Overseerr](https://github.com/sct/overseerr) - Request management and media discovery tool for the Plex ecosystem
- [Owncast](https://github.com/owncast/owncast) - Take control over your live stream video by running it yourself. Streaming + chat out of the box.
- [Owncloud](https://github.com/owncloud/core) - A personal cloud which runs on your own server.
- [PairDrop](https://github.com/schlagmichdoch/PairDrop) - Local file sharing in your browser. Inspired by Apple's AirDrop.
- [Paperless-ngx](https://github.com/paperless-ngx/paperless-ngx) - Document Management System (DMS)
- [Penpot](https://github.com/penpot/penpot) - The Open-Source design & prototyping platform.
- [Peppermint](https://github.com/Peppermint-Lab/peppermint) - An open source ticket management & help desk solution.
- [Photoprism](https://github.com/photoprism/photoprism) - AI-Powered Photos App for the Decentralized Web. We are on a mission to protect your freedom and privacy.
- [Pihole](https://github.com/pi-hole/pi-hole) - A black hole for Internet advertisements
- [Planka](https://github.com/plankanban/planka) - Free open source kanban board for workgroups.
- [Plausible](https://github.com/plausible/analytics) - Simple, open-source, lightweight (< 1 KB) and privacy-friendly web analytics alternative to Google Analytics.
- [Plex](https://github.com/plexinc/pms-docker) - Stream Movies & TV Shows
- [PodFetch](https://github.com/SamTV12345/PodFetch) - A sleek and efficient podcast downloader.
- [Portainer](https://github.com/portainer/portainer) - Making Docker and Kubernetes management easy.
- [PrivateBin](https://github.com/PrivateBin/PrivateBin) - A minimalist, open source online pastebin where the server has zero knowledge of pasted data
- [Prowlarr](https://github.com/Prowlarr/Prowlarr/) - A torrent/usenet indexer manager/proxy
- [Proxitok](https://github.com/pablouser1/ProxiTok) - Open source alternative frontend for TikTok made using PHP
- [qBittorrent](https://github.com/qbittorrent/qBittorrent) - BitTorrent client
- [Radarr](https://github.com/Radarr/Radarr) - Movie collection manager for Usenet and BitTorrent users
- [Readarr](https://github.com/Readarr/Readarr) - Book Manager and Automation (Sonarr for Ebooks)
- [Resilio Sync](https://github.com/bt-sync) - Fast, reliable, and simple file sync and share solution
- [RSS](https://github.com/ssddanbrown/rss) - A simple, opinionated, RSS feed aggregator
- [Ryot](https://github.com/IgnisDa/ryot) - Roll your own tracker!
- [Sabnzbd](https://github.com/sabnzbd/sabnzbd) - Sabnzbd makes Usenet as simple and streamlined as possible by automating everything we can"
- [SearXNG](https://github.com/searxng/searxng) - SearXNG is a free internet metasearch engine which aggregates results from various search services and databases. Users are neither tracked nor profiled
- [Send](https://gitlab.com/timvisee/send) - Simple, private file sharing
- [Serge](https://github.com/serge-chat/serge) - A web interface for chatting with Alpaca through llama.cpp.
- [Shlink](https://shlink.io/) - API first URL shortener
- [SimpleX SMP](https://github.com/simplex-chat/simplexmq) - A reference implementation of the SimpleX Messaging Protocol for simplex queues over public networks.
- [Sonarr](https://github.com/Sonarr/Sonarr) - TV show manager for Usenet and BitTorrent
- [Speedtest Tracker](https://github.com/alexjustesen/speedtest-tracker) - Internet performance tracking application.
- [Sshwifty](https://github.com/nirui/sshwifty/) - Web SSH & Telnet (WebSSH & WebTelnet client)
- [Stirling-PDF](https://github.com/Frooodle/Stirling-PDF) - Locally hosted web application that allows you to perform various operations on PDF files.
- [Syncthing](https://github.com/syncthing/syncthing) - Continuous File Synchronization
- [Tailscale](https://github.com/tailscale/tailscale) - The easiest, most secure way to use WireGuard and 2FA
- [Tandoor](https://github.com/TandoorRecipes/recipes) - Drop your collection of links and notes. Get Tandoor and never look back onto a time without recipe management, storage, sharing and collaborative cooking!
- [Tasks.md](https://github.com/BaldissaraMatheus/Tasks.md) - A self-hosted, file based task management board that supports Markdown syntax
- [Tautulli](https://github.com/Tautulli/Tautulli) - A Python based monitoring and tracking tool for Plex Media Server
- [Teddit](https://codeberg.org/teddit/teddit) - Alternative Reddit front-end focused on privacy https://teddit.net
- [Transmission](https://github.com/transmission/transmission) - Fast, easy, and free BitTorrent client
- [Trilium](https://github.com/zadam/trilium) - An open-source, self-hosted Notion alterative
- [Tube Archivist](https://github.com/tubearchivist/tubearchivist) - Your self-hosted YouTube media server
- [Umami](https://github.com/umami-software/umami) - Umami is a simple, fast, privacy-focused alternative to Google Analytics.
- [Unmanic](https://github.com/Unmanic/unmanic) - Unmanic gives you the power to automate the management of any file library.
- [Uptime Kuma](https://github.com/louislam/uptime-kuma) - A fancy self-hosted monitoring tool
- [Vaultwarden](https://github.com/dani-garcia/vaultwarden) - Unofficial Bitwarden compatible server
- [Vikunja](https://kolaente.dev/vikunja/) - The open-source, self-hostable to-do app. Organize everything, on all platforms.
- [Whisparr](https://github.com/Whisparr/Whisparr) - Whisparr is an adult movie collection manager for Usenet and BitTorrent users.
- [Wireguard Easy](https://github.com/WeeJeWel/wg-easy) - WireGuard VPN + Web-based Admin UI
- [WikiJS](https://github.com/requarks/wiki) - A modern and powerful wiki app built on Node.js
- [Wizarr](https://github.com/Wizarrrr/wizarr) - Wizarr is an advanced user invitation and management system for Jellyfin, Plex, Emby etc.
- [WordPress](https://github.com/WordPress/WordPress) - WordPress is a popular content management system for creating websites and blogs.
- [Your Spotify](https://github.com/Yooooomi/your_spotify) - Self hosted Spotify tracking dashboard
- [ZeroTier](https://github.com/zerotier/ZeroTierOne) - Easy to use zero configuration VPN.
- [Zipline](https://github.com/diced/zipline) - A ShareX/file upload server that is easy to use, packed with features, and with an easy setup!

## How to sumbit an app

If you want to see new apps on Tipi you can either:

- [Open an issue](https://github.com/meienberger/runtipi-appstore/issues) on this repository and members of the community will add it
- [Join the Discord](https://discord.gg/Bu9qEPnHsc) members of the community will add it.
- Fork this repo and create the necessary files for a Tipi app. Follow this [guide](<[https://github.com/meienberger/runtipi/wiki/Adding-your-own-app](https://www.runtipi.io/docs/contributing/adding-a-new-app)>)

Commit message:

feat(store): add email-oauth2-proxy

README.md, after:

# Tipi App Store ⛺️

This is the official repository for the Tipi App Store. It contains all the apps that are available for download on [Tipi](https://github.com/meienberger/runtipi).

## Apps available

- [2FAuth](https://github.com/Bubka/2FAuth) - A Web app to manage your Two-Factor Authentication (2FA) accounts and generate their security codes
- [Activepieces](https://github.com/activepieces/activepieces) - A true zapier alternative.
- [Actual Budget](https://github.com/actualbudget/actual-server) - Local-first OpenSource Budget tool
- [Adguard Home](https://github.com/AdguardTeam/AdGuardHome) - Adguard Home DNS adblocker
- [Audiobookshelf](https://github.com/advplyr/audiobookshelf) - Audiobookshelf is a self-hosted audiobook and podcast server.
- [autobrr](https://github.com/autobrr/autobrr) - Automation for downloads.
- [Baïkal](https://github.com/ckulka/baikal-docker) - A Calendar+Contacts server
- [Barrage](https://github.com/maulik9898/barrage) - Minimal Deluge WebUI with full mobile support
- [Bazarr](https://github.com/morpheus65535/bazarr) - A companion application to Sonarr and Radarr that manages and downloads subtitles
- [Booksonic](https://github.com/popeen) - A server for streaming your audiobooks
- [Budibase](https://github.com/Budibase/budibase) - Low code platform for creating internal tools, workflows, and admin panels in minutes. Supports PostgreSQL, MySQL, MSSQL, MongoDB, Rest API, Docker, K8s, and more 🚀. Budibase, the low code platform you'll enjoy using ⚡
- [Bookstack](https://github.com/BookStackApp/BookStack) - Simple, easy-to-use platform for organising and storing information.
- [Calibre-Web](https://github.com/janeczku/calibre-web) - Web Ebook Reader
- [ChangeDetection.io](https://github.com/dgtlmoon/changedetection.io) - The best and simplest free open source website change detection, restock monitor and notification service.
- [Chatpad AI](https://github.com/deiucanta/chatpad) - Not just another ChatGPT user-interface!
- [Code-Server](https://github.com/coder/code-server) - Web VS Code
- [Codex.Docs](https://github.com/codex-team/codex.docst) - Free Docs app powered by Editor.js ecosystem.
- [Conduit](https://gitlab.com/famedly/conduit) - Conduit is a simple, fast and reliable chat server written in Rust
- [Cross-seed](https://github.com/cross-seed/cross-seed) - Fully-automatic, no false positives.
- [DailyTXT](https://github.com/PhiTux/DailyTxT) - Encrypted Diary Web-App
- [Dash.](https://github.com/MauriceNino/dashdot) - A simple, modern server dashboard, primarily used by smaller private server
- [Dashy](https://github.com/lissy93/dashy) - A self-hostable personal dashboard built for you.
- [Databag](https://github.com/balzack/databag) - A tiny federated messenger web with clients for iOS, Android, and browser.
- [Deluge](https://github.com/linuxserver/docker-deluge) - Deluge is a lightweight, Free Software, cross-platform BitTorrent client
- [Dockge](https://github.com/louislam/dockge) - A fancy, easy-to-use and reactive self-hosted docker compose.yaml stack-oriented manager.
- [Deemix](https://gitlab.com/Bockiii/deemix-docker) - deemix is a barebone deezer downloader library built from the ashes of Deezloader Remix.
- [DokuWiki](https://github.com/dokuwiki/dokuwiki) - DokuWiki is a simple to use and highly versatile Open Source wiki software
- [Dozzle](https://github.com/amir20/dozzle) - Dozzle is a small web based app to monitor Docker logs
- [Draw.io](https://github.com/jgraph/drawio) - draw.io is a JavaScript, client-side editor for general diagramming and whiteboarding.
- [Duplicati](https://github.com/linuxserver/docker-duplicati) - Store securely encrypted backups in the cloud!
- [Email OAuth 2.0 Proxy](https://github.com/simonrob/email-oauth2-proxy) - Transparently add OAuth 2.0 support to IMAP/POP/SMTP client applications, scripts or any other email use-cases that don't support this authentication method.
- [Emulatorjs](https://github.com/EmulatorJS/EmulatorJS) - Self-hosted Javascript emulation for various system.
- [Excalidraw](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw) - Online whiteboard collaboration made easy
- [Filebrowser](https://github.com/filebrowser/filebrowser) - Web File Browser
- [Filestash](https://github.com/mickael-kerjean/filestash) - A modern web client for SFTP, S3, FTP, WebDAV, Git, Minio, LDAP, CalDAV, CardDAV, Mysql, Backblaze
- [Firefly III](https://github.com/firefly-iii/firefly-iii) - A personal finances manager
- [Fireshare](https://github.com/ShaneIsrael/fireshare) - Self host your media and share with unique links
- [Flaresolverr](https://github.com/FlareSolverr/FlareSolverr) - FlareSolverr is a proxy server to bypass Cloudflare and DDoS-GUARD protection.
- [Flatnotes](https://github.com/Dullage/flatnotes) - A self-hosted, database-less note taking web app
- [Freshrss](https://github.com/FreshRSS/FreshRSS) - A free, self-hostable RSS aggregator
- [gandi-livedns](https://github.com/jbbodart/gandi-livedns) - Update your Gandi DNS zone records with your WAN IP
- [Ghost](https://github.com/TryGhost/Ghost) - Ghost - Turn your audience into a business
- [Ghostfolio](https://github.com/ghostfolio/ghostfolio) - Open Source Wealth Management Software.
- [Gitea](https://github.com/go-gitea/gitea) - Gitea - A painless self-hosted Git service
- [Gladys Assistant](https://github.com/gladysassistant/gladys) - A privacy-first, open-source home assistant
- [Glances](https://github.com/nicolargo/glances) - Glances - An Eye on your system.
- [Gotify](https://github.com/gotify/server) - Gotify - Simple server for sending and receiving notification messages
- [GoToSocial](https://github.com/superseriousbusiness/gotosocial) - Fast, fun, ActivityPub server, powered by Go.
- [Grafana](https://github.com/grafana/grafana) - The open and composable observability and data visualization platform
- [Grav](https://github.com/getgrav/grav) - Fast, Simple, and Flexible, file-based Web-platform.
- [Grocy](https://github.com/grocy/grocy) - Grocy - ERP beyond your fridge
- [Hammond](https://github.com/akhilrex/hammond) - Self hosted vehicle and expense management system.
- [Haven](https://github.com/havenweb/haven) - Haven is a self-hosted private blog and feedreader you can use instead of Facebook
- [Headscale](https://github.com/juanfont/headscale) - An open source, self-hosted implementation of the Tailscale control server
- [HedgeDoc](https://github.com/hedgedoc/hedgedoc) - A Collaborative Markdown and Note Taking App
- [Homarr](https://github.com/ajnart/homarr) - A homepage for your server
- [Home Assistant](https://github.com/home-assistant/core) - Open source home automation that puts local control and privacy first
- [HomeBox](https://github.com/hay-kot/homebox) - Homebox is the inventory and organization system built for the Home User
- [Halo](https://github.com/halo-dev/halo) - Halo is a powerful and easy-to-use open source website building tool.
- [Homepage](https://github.com/gethomepage/homepage) - A modern, fully static, fast, secure fully proxied, highly customizable application dashboard with integrations for over 100 services and translations into multiple languages.
- [Immich](https://github.com/immich-app/immich) - Photo and video backup solution directly from your mobile phone
- [IT-Tools](https://github.com/CorentinTh/it-tools) - Collection of handy online tools for developers, with great UX.
- [Invidious](https://github.com/iv-org/invidious) - An alternative front-end to YouTube
- [Jackett](https://github.com/Jackett/Jackett) - API Support for your favorite torrent trackers
- [Jellyfin](https://github.com/jellyfin/jellyfin) - A media server for your home collection
- [Jellyfin Vue (Beta)](https://github.com/jellyfin/jellyfin-vue) - A modern web client for Jellyfin based on Vue
- [Jellyseerr](https://github.com/Fallenbagel/jellyseerr) - Fork of overseerr for Jellyfin support
- [Joplin](https://github.com/laurent22/joplin) - Privacy focused note-taking app
- [Kanboard](https://github.com/kanboard/kanboard) - Kanboard is a free and open source Kanban project management software.
- [Kapowarr](https://github.com/Casvt/Kapowarr) - Kapowarr is a software to build and manage a comic book library, fitting in the \*arr suite of software.
- [Kasm Workspaces](https://github.com/kasmtech) - Kasm Workspaces is a docker container streaming platform for delivering browser-based access to desktops, applications, and web services
- [Kavita](https://github.com/Kareadita/Kavita) - Kavita is a fast, feature rich, cross platform reading server
- [Kimai](https://github.com/kimai/kimai) - Open source time-tracker
- [Libreddit](https://github.com/spikecodes/libreddit) - Private front-end for Reddit
- [LibrePhotos](https://github.com/LibrePhotos/librephotos) - Complete photo management service
- [LibreTranslate](https://github.com/LibreTranslate/LibreTranslate) - Free and Open Source Machine Translation API. 100% self-hosted, offline capable and easy to setup
- [Lidarr](https://github.com/Lidarr/Lidarr) - Looks and smells like Sonarr but made for music.
- [Lidarr On Steroids](https://github.com/youegraillot/lidarr-on-steroids) - Lidarr with some muscles thanks to deemix
- [LinkStack](https://github.com/LinkStackOrg/LinkStack) - The ultimate solution for creating a personalized & professional profile page.
- [Lodestone Core](https://github.com/Lodestone-Team/lodestone_core) - Server hosting tool for Minecraft and other multiplayers
- [Logto](https://github.com/logto-io/logto) - Logto is a cost-effective open-source alternative to Auth0.
- [Mastodon](https://github.com/mastodon/mastodon) - Your self-hosted, globally interconnected microblogging community
- [Mealie](https://github.com/hay-kot/mealie) - Self-hosted recipe manager and meal planner.
- [Memos](https://github.com/usememos/memos) - Memo hub for knowledge management and collaboration.
- [MeTube](https://github.com/alexta69/metube) - Web GUI for youtube-dl with playlist support. Allows you to download videos from YouTube and dozens of other sites.
- [Minecraft server](https://github.com/itzg/docker-minecraft-server) - Run a minecraft server in one click
- [Mind](https://github.com/Casvt/MIND) - A simple self hosted reminder platform that uses push to send notifications to your device.
- [MinIO](https://github.com/minio/minio) - MinIO is a High Performance Object Storage released under GNU Affero General Public License v3.0
- [Moneroblock](https://github.com/duggavo/MoneroBlock) - Decentralized and trustless Monero block explorer
- [Monero Daemon](https://github.com/monero-project/monero/) - A network daemon for Monero: the secure, private, untraceable cryptocurrency
- [Monero p2pool Daemon](https://github.com/SChernykh/p2pool) - Decentralized pool for Monero mining
- [Monica](https://github.com/monicahq/monica) - A Personal Relationship Management tool to help you document your social life
- [Mixpost](https://github.com/inovector/mixpost) - Self-hosted social media management. Schedule and organize your social content.
- [Mixpost Pro](https://mixpost.app/pricing) - Self-hosted social media management. Schedule and organize your social content.
- [MongoDB](https://github.com/mongodb/mongo)- MongoDB is an open-source NoSQL database
- [Mongo Express](https://github.com/mongo-express/mongo-express) - A web-based MongoDB admin interface written with Node.js, Express, and Bootstrap3
- [Movary](https://github.com/leepeuker/movary) - Track and rate your watched movies
- [mStream](https://github.com/IrosTheBeggar/mStream) - The easiest music streaming server available
- [Mylar3](https://github.com/mylar3/mylar3) - Mylar3 is an automated Comic Book downloader (cbr/cbz) for use with NZB and torrents written in python.
- [n8n](https://github.com/n8n-io/n8n) - Workflow Automation Tool
- [Navidrome](https://github.com/navidrome/navidrome) - A selfhosted music server
- [Netboot.xyz](https://github.com/netbootxyz/netboot.xyz) - Your favorite operating systems in one place!
- [Netdata](https://github.com/netdata/netdata) - Open-source, real-time, performance and health monitoring.
- [Nextcloud](https://github.com/nextcloud/server) - A safe home for all your data
- [Nginx](https://github.com/nginx/nginx) - A simple web server to test your tipi install
- [Nitter](https://github.com/zedeus/nitter) - Alternative Twitter front-end
- [NocoDB](https://github.com/nocodb/nocodb) - Open Source Airtable Alternative
- [Node-RED](https://github.com/node-red/node-red) - Low-code programming for event-driven applications
- [NoteMark](https://github.com/enchant97/note-mark/) - Note Mark is a lighting fast and minimal web-based Markdown notes app.
- [Ntfy](https://github.com/binwiederhier/ntfy) - A Straightforward Notification service that operates over HTTP
- [Obsidian LiveSync](https://github.com/vrtmrz/self-hosted-livesync-server) - LiveSync couchdb backend for Obsidian
- [OneDev](https://code.onedev.io/onedev/server) - Self-hosted Git Server with Kanban and CI/CD
- [Openbooks](https://github.com/evan-buss/openbooks) - Search and Download eBooks
- [Overseerr](https://github.com/sct/overseerr) - Request management and media discovery tool for the Plex ecosystem
- [Owncast](https://github.com/owncast/owncast) - Take control over your live stream video by running it yourself. Streaming + chat out of the box.
- [Owncloud](https://github.com/owncloud/core) - A personal cloud which runs on your own server.
- [PairDrop](https://github.com/schlagmichdoch/PairDrop) - Local file sharing in your browser. Inspired by Apple's AirDrop.
- [Paperless-ngx](https://github.com/paperless-ngx/paperless-ngx) - Document Management System (DMS)
- [Penpot](https://github.com/penpot/penpot) - The Open-Source design & prototyping platform.
- [Peppermint](https://github.com/Peppermint-Lab/peppermint) - An open source ticket management & help desk solution.
- [Photoprism](https://github.com/photoprism/photoprism) - AI-Powered Photos App for the Decentralized Web. We are on a mission to protect your freedom and privacy.
- [Pihole](https://github.com/pi-hole/pi-hole) - A black hole for Internet advertisements
- [Planka](https://github.com/plankanban/planka) - Free open source kanban board for workgroups.
- [Plausible](https://github.com/plausible/analytics) - Simple, open-source, lightweight (< 1 KB) and privacy-friendly web analytics alternative to Google Analytics.
- [Plex](https://github.com/plexinc/pms-docker) - Stream Movies & TV Shows
- [PodFetch](https://github.com/SamTV12345/PodFetch) - A sleek and efficient podcast downloader.
- [Portainer](https://github.com/portainer/portainer) - Making Docker and Kubernetes management easy.
- [PrivateBin](https://github.com/PrivateBin/PrivateBin) - A minimalist, open source online pastebin where the server has zero knowledge of pasted data
- [Prowlarr](https://github.com/Prowlarr/Prowlarr/) - A torrent/usenet indexer manager/proxy
- [Proxitok](https://github.com/pablouser1/ProxiTok) - Open source alternative frontend for TikTok made using PHP
- [qBittorrent](https://github.com/qbittorrent/qBittorrent) - BitTorrent client
- [Radarr](https://github.com/Radarr/Radarr) - Movie collection manager for Usenet and BitTorrent users
- [Readarr](https://github.com/Readarr/Readarr) - Book Manager and Automation (Sonarr for Ebooks)
- [Resilio Sync](https://github.com/bt-sync) - Fast, reliable, and simple file sync and share solution
- [RSS](https://github.com/ssddanbrown/rss) - A simple, opinionated, RSS feed aggregator
- [Ryot](https://github.com/IgnisDa/ryot) - Roll your own tracker!
- [Sabnzbd](https://github.com/sabnzbd/sabnzbd) - Sabnzbd makes Usenet as simple and streamlined as possible by automating everything we can"
- [SearXNG](https://github.com/searxng/searxng) - SearXNG is a free internet metasearch engine which aggregates results from various search services and databases. Users are neither tracked nor profiled
- [Send](https://gitlab.com/timvisee/send) - Simple, private file sharing
- [Serge](https://github.com/serge-chat/serge) - A web interface for chatting with Alpaca through llama.cpp.
- [Shlink](https://shlink.io/) - API first URL shortener
- [SimpleX SMP](https://github.com/simplex-chat/simplexmq) - A reference implementation of the SimpleX Messaging Protocol for simplex queues over public networks.
- [Sonarr](https://github.com/Sonarr/Sonarr) - TV show manager for Usenet and BitTorrent
- [Speedtest Tracker](https://github.com/alexjustesen/speedtest-tracker) - Internet performance tracking application.
- [Sshwifty](https://github.com/nirui/sshwifty/) - Web SSH & Telnet (WebSSH & WebTelnet client)
- [Stirling-PDF](https://github.com/Frooodle/Stirling-PDF) - Locally hosted web application that allows you to perform various operations on PDF files.
- [Syncthing](https://github.com/syncthing/syncthing) - Continuous File Synchronization
- [Tailscale](https://github.com/tailscale/tailscale) - The easiest, most secure way to use WireGuard and 2FA
- [Tandoor](https://github.com/TandoorRecipes/recipes) - Drop your collection of links and notes. Get Tandoor and never look back onto a time without recipe management, storage, sharing and collaborative cooking!
- [Tasks.md](https://github.com/BaldissaraMatheus/Tasks.md) - A self-hosted, file based task management board that supports Markdown syntax
- [Tautulli](https://github.com/Tautulli/Tautulli) - A Python based monitoring and tracking tool for Plex Media Server
- [Teddit](https://codeberg.org/teddit/teddit) - Alternative Reddit front-end focused on privacy https://teddit.net
- [Transmission](https://github.com/transmission/transmission) - Fast, easy, and free BitTorrent client
- [Trilium](https://github.com/zadam/trilium) - An open-source, self-hosted Notion alterative
- [Tube Archivist](https://github.com/tubearchivist/tubearchivist) - Your self-hosted YouTube media server
- [Umami](https://github.com/umami-software/umami) - Umami is a simple, fast, privacy-focused alternative to Google Analytics.
- [Unmanic](https://github.com/Unmanic/unmanic) - Unmanic gives you the power to automate the management of any file library.
- [Uptime Kuma](https://github.com/louislam/uptime-kuma) - A fancy self-hosted monitoring tool
- [Vaultwarden](https://github.com/dani-garcia/vaultwarden) - Unofficial Bitwarden compatible server
- [Vikunja](https://kolaente.dev/vikunja/) - The open-source, self-hostable to-do app. Organize everything, on all platforms.
- [Whisparr](https://github.com/Whisparr/Whisparr) - Whisparr is an adult movie collection manager for Usenet and BitTorrent users.
- [Wireguard Easy](https://github.com/WeeJeWel/wg-easy) - WireGuard VPN + Web-based Admin UI
- [WikiJS](https://github.com/requarks/wiki) - A modern and powerful wiki app built on Node.js
- [Wizarr](https://github.com/Wizarrrr/wizarr) - Wizarr is an advanced user invitation and management system for Jellyfin, Plex, Emby etc.
- [WordPress](https://github.com/WordPress/WordPress) - WordPress is a popular content management system for creating websites and blogs.
- [Your Spotify](https://github.com/Yooooomi/your_spotify) - Self hosted Spotify tracking dashboard
- [ZeroTier](https://github.com/zerotier/ZeroTierOne) - Easy to use zero configuration VPN.
- [Zipline](https://github.com/diced/zipline) - A ShareX/file upload server that is easy to use, packed with features, and with an easy setup!

## How to sumbit an app

If you want to see new apps on Tipi you can either:

- [Open an issue](https://github.com/meienberger/runtipi-appstore/issues) on this repository and members of the community will add it
- [Join the Discord](https://discord.gg/Bu9qEPnHsc) members of the community will add it.
- Fork this repo and create the necessary files for a Tipi app. Follow this [guide](<[https://github.com/meienberger/runtipi/wiki/Adding-your-own-app](https://www.runtipi.io/docs/contributing/adding-a-new-app)>)
